[examples] Update styled-components to use SWC (#34770)
vercel/next.js: examples/with-styled-components/README.md

This example features how you use a different styling solution than [styled-jsx](https://github.com/vercel/styled-jsx) that also supports universal styles. That means we can serve the required styles for the first render within the HTML and then load the rest in the client. In this case we are using [styled-components](https://github.com/styled-components/styled-components).

> For this purpose we are using the [Next.js SWC compiler](https://nextjs.org/docs/advanced-features/compiler#styled-components).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example uses the Rust-based [SWC](https://nextjs.org/docs/advanced-features/compiler#styled-components) in Next.js for better performance than Babel.
```
